# **Code-Server Docker FAQ**

**Q1.** I'm seeing an error in the Web UI that states `Error loading webview: Error: Could not register service workers: S...`. What is it, and how can I stop it appearing?

**A1.** This error is caused by the use of self-signed certificates, which by default this container uses. The error can be triggered by simply going to an extension and attempting to view the 'Details' tab.

To fix this issue, please see **Q2.** or **Q3.**

**Q2.** I want to switch from using a self-signed cert to a valid certificate from an authorized certificate authority. How do I do this?

**A2.** Once you have the certificate issued from your certificate authority, you can use the following procedure to configure code-server to use the cert:

1. Stop the container.
2. Copy the certificate and key to `/config/code-server/certs/`.
3. Set the value for variable key `CERT_PATH` to the path for the cert, e.g., `/config/code-server/certs/mycert.crt`, and set the value for variable key `CERT_KEY_PATH` to the path for the cert key, e.g., `/config/code-server/certs/mycert.key`.
4. Start the container.

**Q3.** I want to use the certificate generated by the cloud provider (in this case CDR). Can you please tell me how to do this?

**A3.** To do this, simply set variable key `BIND_CLOUD_NAME` to have a value of `<name you want>`, then check the log file `/config/supervisord/log` for the URL to authorize CDR (cloud provider) with GitHub.

**Q4.** I want to use a reverse proxy such as SWAG or NPM with Code-Server so I can access it externally. In order to do this, I need to switch over to HTTP. How do I do this?

**A4.** To do this, simply set variable key `SELF_SIGNED_CERT` to have a value of `no`. Also ensure variable keys `CERT_PATH` and `CERT_KEY_PATH` both have blank values; otherwise, they will take precedence over the value set for `SELF_SIGNED_CERT`.

**Q5.** I would like to include application/tool/scripting language XXXX in Code-Server. How do I do this?

**A5.** You can install applications by specifying the package name from AOR (Arch Official Repository) or from AUR (Arch User Repository). Please see the example script file located at `/config/code-server/scripts/example-startup-script.sh` for how to install packages.

**Note**: You will need to ensure that env var `ENABLE_STARTUP_SCRIPTS` is set to `yes`; otherwise, no execution of the script(s) will take place.

**Q6.** I want to use the GitHub integration with Code-Server but I don't know what the steps are. Can you please tell me how to do this?

**A6.** TBD.